
#### Lucidchart
    Lucidchat is a really easy and simple to use website that makes creating flowcharts and graphs a breeze. Usually creating a complicated flowchart took time and effort and planning and sometimes without instruction. Flowchart makes that process really easy and guided for each user based on their needs/wants and creating my flow chart was very simple and fast. 


###  Introduction to Networking 
#### Data Transmission
    Everything you do on the internet involves and uses packets, for example, each email you send leaves a series of packets and every website you visit comes in a series of packets. Packets are certain sizes of bytes that the network breaks down. Packet switching is the approach used by some computer network protocols to deliver data across a local or long-distance connection. An example of a packet-switching protocol is an IP Address. A protocol is a system of rules that allow two or more itmes of a communications system to transmit information via any kind of variation of a physical quantity. An Internet Protocol address (or IP address) is a label assigned to each device connected to a computer network that uses it for communication. An IP address serves two main functions: host or network interface identification and location addressing. The Domain Name System (or DNS) is a decentralized naming system for computers, services, or other resources connected to the Internet or a private network.

####  Network Hardware
    A) Switches are successor of Hubs. Hubs were literally dumb devices they didn’t provide any security nor do they store any MAC addresses. So, the switch were introduced to overcome these issue, Switch is a device used on a computer network to physically connect devices together. Multiple cables can be connected to a switch to enable networked devices to communicate with each other. Switches manage the flow of data across a network by only transmitting a received message to the device for which the message was intended, and so creates a more secure network and connection. 
    B) A router is a more sophisticated device than a switch. Traditional routers are designed to join multiple area networks (LANs and WANs). Routers serve as intermediate stops for network traffic. They receive packets, look inside each packet to identify the source and target IP address, then forward these packets as needed. 
    
#### Network Topologies
    A) There are a number of reasons why bus topologies are used in smaller networks. One of the main reasons is that they keep the layout simple. the main huge problem with this is that relying on one cable means that topologies have a single point of failure. If the cable fails then the entire network will go down. Ring topologies are very vulnerable to failure, as the failure of one node can take the entire network out of operation. This means that ring topology networks need to be constantly managed to ensure that all nodes are in good health. Though star topologies may be relatively safe from failure, if the central node goes down then the entire network will go down.
    B) A wireless mesh network (WMN) is a communications network made up of radio nodes organized in a mesh topology. Wireless mesh networks often consist of mesh clients, mesh routers and gateways. Meanwhile infrastructure wireless topology is commonly used to extend a wired LAN to include wireless devices.APs are not mobile and have to stay connected to the wired network; therefore, they become part of the wired network infrastructure thus the name. In infrastructure wireless networks, there might be several access points providing wireless coverage for a large area or only a single access point for a small area such as a single home or small building.
    
#### Network Design 
    My network design is a model of the LAN topology network diagram, where I had more of a cellular topology that relies on the location of wireless media hubs and switches. Troubleshooting is easy because each hub or switch interacts independently with each device. A cellular installation depends on the accessibility hub locations.
    
#### NSA/CSS 
    The NSA is the world leader in cryptology, which is the art and science of making and breaking codes. Through the technology and incredible people working for the NSA that allows them to accomplish the goals of discovering our enemies's secrets, protecting U.S. secrets, and outsmarting them in cyberspace while at the same time protecting the privacy rights of the American people.
    
### Cybersecurity and Encryption 
#### Information Systems Security
    A) By being an Amazon chat rep my job would be impacted by the triad in three ways; first because of confidentiality I can't disclose to others/customers what I talk about in those chats when helping customers as some contain credit card information and other sensative info. Second, integrity plays a big role especially in Amazon as when chatting with customers I need to know that the information being given is legit, as well as the information I give the customer needs to be legit and cannot be altered in any shape or form to benefit them or myself. Lastly, availability is something that when it comes to my job at Amazon I need 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Availability refers to the availability of information to myself and other trained employees, and when it comes to my chat job I need this information all the time every day so if anything were to pop up from an incorrect order I would need to be able to access that order to help the customer. 
    B) Three tasks during the day that might require authentication would be logging into your email, entering a restricted area in a hospital, and logging into an account for a gaming software or service. Using multi-factor authentication could be used for all of them, but the one I see most is a code being sent to your phone or a special pin you need to enter on top of a fingerprint to unlock special doors or log into your email or security software. 
    C) ACL is better suited for implementing security at the individual user level and for low-level data, while RBAC better serves a company-wide security system with an overseeing administrator. An ACL can, for example, grant write access to a specific file, but it cannot determine how a user might change the file.
    D) Ciphertext is encrypted text. Plaintext is what you have before encryption, and ciphertext is the encrypted result. In cryptography, ciphertext or cyphertext is the result of encryption performed using an algorithm, called a cipher. When using a public key, two keys are used one key is used for encryption and another key is used for decryption. One key (public key) is used for encrypt the plain text to convert it into cipher text and another key (private key) is used bu receiver to decrypt the cipher text to read the message.
    E)Public key cryptography makes it so you don't need to smuggle the decryption key to the recipient of your secret message because that person already has the decryption key. The decryption key is their private key. Therefore, all you need to send a message is your recipient's matching public, encrypting key.
    
#### Cryptography 
    B) I moved the wheel back 1 space so that 'Z' was equal to 'A'. This encription method created en encryption where it moved the entire alphabet forward by 1 letter, so a=z, b=a, c=b, etc. 
    C) In the frequency fingerprint exploration lab, which I thought was really cool, had each letter of the alphabet as a frequency range and after typing some sentances it gives me a cool frequency fingerprint that is unique to that code and sentence that can only be decrypted by the key. 
    D) A polyalphabetic cipher is any cipher based on substitution, using multiple substitution alphabets. The Enigma machine (In the movie 'the imitation game') is more complex but is still fundamentally a polyalphabetic substitution cipher.
    E) By analyzing the frequency found at different intervals you can see a patern emerge when you find the interval equal to the length of the code word then decrypt based on the known fingerprint of the language used. For example if the code word is four letters long and you check every other letter for frequency you get a flattened fingerprint, every third letter will also be inconclusive, but when you isolate every fourth letter and do a frequency analysis you will find a clear pattern emerge. Checking every fifth letter will aain give you an inconclusive result.
